Spelling Fixes (#1397)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/identity-platform/migrate-off-email-claim-authorization.md

        data = WriteNewRecords(token.email)
    }

    insecureAccess = data.show // this is how an unverified user can escalate their privileges via an arbitrarily set email
 }
```

Once you've determined that your application is relying on this insecure attribute, you need to update business logic to reindex users on a globally unique identifier (GUID). 

> Multi-tenant applications should index on a mapping of two uniquely identifying claims, `tid` + `oid`. This will segment tenants by the `tid`, and segment users by their `oid`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multitenant applications should index on a mapping of two uniquely identifying claims, `tid` + `oid`. This will segment tenants by the `tid`, and segment users by their `oid`. 
```
